Update faq.rst (#3723)
mattermost/docs: source/overview/faq.rst

Why does Mattermost disclose whether or not an account exists when a user enters an incorrect password?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Mattermost's core design principle is to be `"fast, obvious, forgiving" <https://zeroheight.com/29be2c109/p/741553-product-design>`__ and, telling users that they made a mistake in entering their password, is in service of our principle of prioritizing user interests.

Author: ```suggestion
Mattermost's core design principle is to be `"fast, obvious, forgiving" <https://docs.mattermost.com/developer/fx-guidelines.html#fast-obvious-forgiving>`__ and, telling users that they made a mistake in entering their password, is in service of our principle of prioritizing user interests.
```

For organizations who choose to deploy in such a configuration, please consider the following mitigations:

>   1. Instead of username-password, use a Single-sign-on (SSO) provider in Mattermost Enterprise Edition like OneLogin, Okta, or ADFS, or use the open source GitLab SSO option available with Mattermost Team Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Instead of username-password, use a Single Sign-On (SSO) provider in Mattermost Enterprise Edition like OneLogin, Okta, or ADFS, or use the open source GitLab SSO option available with Mattermost Team Edition.
```
